DOCS-3470 added instructions for approving and deleting access (#304)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/api-contracts-landing-page.adoc

endif::[]
:keywords: api, contract, register, client, application, secret

After you grant access to applications in Anypoint Exchange (Exchange), a contract is automatically created between the API instance and the application. The contract gives access to the application based on SLA tiers that you might specify. You can create only one contract per API instance and application.

> 

Reviewer: I don't understand this:
1. After YOU GRANT ACCESS TO APPS in Exchange [what has access to the apps? users? the API?]
2. A contract is created between API and app
3. The contact gives [what? who?] access to the application

Reviewer: This text says that the contract is automatically created, but then says that "you can create only one contract." Clarify who or what is creating the contract, and exactly what access is created by the contract: app to API? API to app? User to app? User to API?

Author: Done! Thanks!

> When you request access to an API from Exchange, the request is automatically approved if no SLA tiers are assigned to the API. However, if the API has an SLA tier defined, you can configure the request to be auto-approved or you can configure a manual approval process.

Reviewer: Are you, the user, requesting access or is your client app requesting access?

Reviewer: Copyedit only:
```suggestion
When you request access to an API from Exchange, your request is automatically approved if the API does not include SLAs. If the API includes an SLA tier, you either configure your request so that it is automatically approved despite the SLA tier, or you can request approval manually.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
